right on my thing it was like over the
top you see no welcome everyone
yeah okay cool yeah welcome everyone huh
to the IFS dogs repo weekly sync
today is Monday the 2nd of March right
indeed
so let's just jump straight into things
I guess so one of the things are just
mentioning to Jessica was changes to
this schedule so this meeting schedule
we're going to be moving until the end
of the quarter we're gonna be moving to
bi-weekly so we're having this meeting
here and then next Monday we will skip
and then have another meeting on the
16th and then the 23rd we will skip and
then have a meeting wrap up the end of
this quarter with then for the next
course are going to be using a different
format for this meeting and since we're
not gonna be having what's the word I'm
looking for a synchronous instead of a
synchronous we're gonna have a sink
we're not gonna have a synchronous call
so we're gonna have an open discussion
on the forums so discussed our first IO
or using github new discussion beta
feature could be a cool way to test that
so we'll essentially use that platform
to have discussions and things and then
we'll create like a weekly three minute
review video just pointing out various
things that come out things like that
keeping in mind we could also have
something like this once a month or
something like that if if it's requested
by people are we find it useful just so
that people can jump on voice their
concerns have a child things like that
so yeah I put the there's a PR and the
the docks repo right now just listing
out that schedule so I said so we got
today which is the second next meeting
will be the 16th and following that I
will be the 30 Elaine to the repo all
right no it sounds good
uh
all right cool I will those are in the
notes sure and just run through the like
usual agenda agenda if you talk I'll
take notes that's nice okay cool
I mean I guess one of the things I kind
of want to talk about would be I was
looking this morning we have a couple of
peers that can actually get just get
closed off today so let me just find my
way over to so one of the contributors
edge
he stood some good changes for piss off
and let p2p they've been signed up for
Bob just over a week now so I'm ready to
merge those and I'm just doing some
grammar changes and some formatting
things and then that's good to go so
that can get closed off and then there
is also the IP LD changes I had a
discussion with river and with Leon
about the things that were going into
here thing I brought this up last week
essentially there's just so many things
up in the air without the LD that it's
it's kind of hard to write examples for
that project so I've had a discussion
waves with Leon over email about me to
do so that's gonna get done in the next
couple of days which would be great and
we can close those off some more
exciting news so we've got three more
potential contributors that are going to
be picking up bounties which is nice I
won't mention their names just until
they announce themselves for the world
well yeah so that's cool again getting
some more people on board which is
excellent anyone watching this video if
you want to jump on pick up a bounty
we're going to be feeding them out lots
and lots over the next couple of weeks
yeah if you see anything of interest
though if you see a bounce obviously an
issue but the hell want to talk that you
want to help harm but it doesn't have a
bounty we can review it and go over it
and see if it's a minute
urgent that we need right now
essentially yeah so just anything with
the Help Wanted tag you're thinking yeah
yes actually I was gonna create a plate
around the idea of things like having a
bounty tag but at the same time they do
the same thing really it's just bounties
Hobbes like and
were associated with them already boys
help well into it if there is something
out there that someone really wants to
jump in on just ping into the issue and
then we can help out so your army of
contributors is partially these three
more potential bounty hunters anything
else uh no as far as that's going I did
speak to design people yell to see if I
can get a logo for my army of
contributors I think that would be quite
cool yeah I didn't know no I just uh
custom Buster's but I could if like it
comes down to it we could definitely do
that I was six kind of joking around on
Friday
I mean it's gonna be it'll be at the
bottom of irises list but reminders well
adda AGA's she gets through these things
Rochelle you know hit it a tiny bit of
free space or just need some some
Headroom and she'll just like make
beautiful things so you might want to
cool yeah well I'm thinking yeah I got
some cheese's like a cool t-shirt
t-shirt stickers it Flags you know we
need to make sure that people realize
it's not natural army I don't want like
people idea that stalks accidentally
invading a country like a thing you can
put a flagpole into the previous owners
of my house put on there and we will
think about getting a flag but we're not
really patriotic it was like we're like
we need a better flag and we had legit
talks about giving like and like an idea
fest flaga that I was like that's really
nerdy but but I don't know I I do that
you could spread awareness about with us
around you know Colorado be fun that was
I guess a show update that was a thing
that the moment did me as as far as I
know we have not received did we have we
had any new issues come up in the last
week no we did have one I think actually
and it was brought up from internal
somebody yeah
no fan let's see yeah so yeah his
migration of thought I've actually
already written that so if you scrolled
down there is PR the links to it I'm
started around doing the final review of
that today I'm gonna send it over to
Hector let's see I can just get done
really cuz it wasn't particularly tricky
to put together but if it's being asked
over and over again the question is
being asked over and over again on the
forums and other places then it just
gives everyone out some what's a link to
which is fine yes that is that's issue
442 right yes posit Ritu different
computer cool cool cool
hey um will you file when you when you
um throwin PRS the clothes shoes our
house policy has been using their closes
number whatever so that automatically
closes itself which which means that
because otherwise and and now I'm in the
habit of like not looking back in
clothing issues that PR is closed
because that's sort of been like our
house practice so you do not mind
throwing the closes yeah yeah yeah
there's a couple of like rama checks i
need to do here and i guess it doesn't
really close it yet because it's not all
okay yeah you might just well i god also
kind of like actor or somebody or maybe
even steven so run over and just make
sure I'm not missing anything massive
before we close the issue that make
sense okay yeah and I think really if
you're if you're making a PR that
doesn't close an issue just reference it
in the comments for the PR itself just
so that we can sort of a get a paper
trail so that we know whence this stuff
is connected to be sweet um Oh
contributor guidelines and stuff and I
think it's surprising yeah as far as I
can tell that's the last issue that's
come up this week right sorry the the
four core to the one that we just
mentioned
yeah I think so and then you had some
internal ipfs team discussion about like
who personas and stuff yes yeah so that
I kind of I put that and then we've got
some great contributions everyone
internally pay I was really really happy
about that I kind of want to voice
everyone's opinions and things and bring
it out so I'm sorry putting a short blog
post together I essentially removed the
discussion and then also bringing it why
we need a code persona what is the point
of it because it's something you know
it's a phrase it gets thrown around
quite a lot mainly by me because I think
I invented it I'm gonna assume I did I
invented it yeah I think it'd just be
cool so number one it'd be nice for me
to actually write a blog post so I'll
get my name out and be like hey I'm the
Ducks guy you know I also write other
things and then you know speed of
thought and yeah and then everyone else
in the community can kind of find out oh
cool this is what ipfs people think of
and blog posts are automatically cross
link to the forum so that should
hopefully start it forward this guy's
hopefully nice all right anything else
[Music]
everything other is yeah this is one PR
inside the the main Docs repo but that's
just I mean dating the the time for the
sink meeting oh um when does your does
your daily savings time start next week
oh I don't know this is another big
discussion going on in a Nintendo PL
Sega saying we should get rid of
daylight savings time yeah we did
November yeah and things got real weird
for like a week but I think I think over
that between the US and Europe is
something like three weeks this year so
okay we change on the March 8th yeah
same as in the States cold okay let's
see here Europe
I'm spraying 2020 March 29 oh geez all
right so I think I think there are
probably powers who are better who are
who are bigger than us who are going to
decide on what the organization as a
whole is going to do in this three-week
period that may just be anybody who may
be watching this keep an eye on the
docks repo readme because the the UTC
time might be in flux for a couple of
weeks yeah see you know we can do we can
just put the UNIX timestamp that's what
we'll do yeah yeah we'll do that we'll
do use UNIX epoch because that doesn't
care about anything yeah but it's still
it's still at top of the day it's really
are we gonna change it or not and the
decision in November was that we've
rolled all of the meetings back because
most people did do a fall back in the
autumn I'm not sure if our position has
changed since then right okay yeah in
which case yeah once we find our
decision we can update the remain as to
how we're going to proceed please watch
the repo which is awkward but but yeah
there was a little bit of flex within
ipfs as a whole and how we treated this
in November so I'm a little bit
uncertain so apologize to anybody on
this call it might be a little awkward
yeah there is a word on the street is
the certain powers in Europe you're
trying to get rid of daylight savings
leases so maybe this time next year we
won't need this exactly other who knows
this brexit maybe yeah yeah they're
gonna get there on time England time 7
minutes before or after run out
there are two time zones that around
like a 30-minute offset are so there's
there's some 30 minutes I'm sure there's
some place in Australia enough 15
minutes yeah yeah cuz they so this is my
favorite thing to bring up about
daylight savings there's a three-mile
drive you can do in Arizona yes you
stopped in Arizona which doesn't do
daylight savings but then you go into
the now the whole reservation I think no
Navajo Nation which does do daylight
savings inside that is the Hopi
reservation which doesn't but then
inside Paul the Hopi reservation
there's a Navajo Nation that does so
it's a three-hour drive you have to
change your clock seven times Wow
I mean you could just go round okay on
that happy note I think we can probably
stop recording unless there's anything
else you want to add nope that's
everything I think cool stop anytime and
do you mind uploading that